Today we are gonna be talking
about improving web performance.
And what that means is that we're gonna
look at some real world techniques
on how to make your performance experience
better for both your users and for Google.
So that you can get better search rankings
and more people visiting your site.
Today's course is gonna be
split into three parts.
In the first part, we're gonna talk
about understanding web performance and
what does it mean?
We're gonna talk about
the metrics that we're gonna use.
We're gonna talk about the old
metrics that people used to use and
the new metrics that are emerging.
We're gonna talk about how to measure them
and what these different things mean.
In part two, we're gonna focus on
actually improving those metrics.
We're gonna look at some real
world techniques that you can use
today to improve each individual metric.
And we're gonna focus on which
tactics improve which metrics so
that you can to try and fine tune what
you need to work on for your application.
And then part three, we're gonna wrap up,
and we're gonna talk about some planning.
So how do you bring performance
into your project and
not make it something
that is an afterthought?
How do you make performance
something that you bring forward and
is part of your overall
application development cycle?
Who am I?
I am Todd Gardner, on most online sites,
you'll find me with the handle
@ToddHGardner, which is really mysterious.
I'm very anonymous on the internet.
I'm a software developer and entrepreneur.
I've been writing web applications for
probably longer than I
care to admit right now.
And often I've taken
those applications and
I found a way to solve real world problems
with them and turn them into businesses.
I'm nearby where the front
end masters headquarters.
I'm in Stillwater which is about 30
minutes away from all these fine people.
When I'm not doing this, I work a lot
with a couple of different products.
The first is track js.
It's a JavaScript error monitoring tool.
So make some better JavaScript.
And more recently, I've been working a lot
with a product called Request metrics.
Which is monitoring real user performance
and simplifying those numbers down.
I've also been here before, I have another
course in the Frontend Masters catalogue
called Debugging and
Fixing Common JavaScript Errors.
Where we dive in and look at real bugs and
how to fix them and how to use the tools.
So if you like my style and
what we're doing,
you should check out my other course.